Source page: /about-contractor-kuwait/

ABOUT UGCC is a leading engineering contractor serving transportation networks, critical infrastructure, oil & gas facilities, and water and wastewater projects. About Credentials HSSE Quality CSR United Gulf Construction Company services and history UGCC is a highly-specialized provider of construction and engineering services to a broad range of clients including those in transportation (major roads, highways and bridges), civil infrastructure, oil & gas, water and wastewater treatment and other sectors. UGCC is Regional Powerhouse Headquartered in Kuwait with operations throughout the Middle East, India, and Africa, UGCC serves both government and private sectors by providing resources and innovative solutions, with an emphasis on safety and quality control, producing high-quality results. Since 1975, UGCC has built a reputation as one of the most reliable construction companies in the region United Gulf Construction Company (UGCC) is a highly specialized provider of construction and engineering services to a broad range of clients, including those in transportation (major roads, highways, and bridges), civil infrastructure, oil & gas, water and wastewater treatment, and various other sectors. Download Company Profile Download Company Profile Having been instrumental in executing some of the most impressive and complex infrastructure projects in the Middle East, a continuous investment in core assets is just one of UGCC’s many strengths. UGCC owns and operates one of the largest and most modern fleet of construction machinery and vehicles in the region, thriving to upgrade the fleet regularly sa per the latest technological developments. Additionally, UGCC has developed and maintains strategic relationships with major International partners to further expand our capabilities. Under the able leadership of an established management team, UGCC delivers results, year after year, in alignment with our vision. EXPERTISE ENGINEERING CONSTRUCTION PROCUREMENT HISTORY Since inception, UGCC has not only demonstrated excellent leadership and exemplary professionalism to each and every construction project, but has also built a team of committed professionals that include engineers, managers, accountants and financial executives. UGCC is a contracting company of the highest standards, where professionals of diversified disciplines work together to deliver construction projects of the highest quality. UGCC Continues To Grow In Size And Importance During The Era Of Increased Public Sector Development In The Middle East, Particularly In Its Main Market Of Kuwait. During the Iraq occupation of Kuwait in 1990, UGCC had lost almost 90% of its resources. Soon after liberation, UGCC was among the leading companies who undertook a major role in rebuilding the nation of Kuwait.Better known for involvement with many of the high-profile projects of the post-occupation years, UGCC has made a name for itself in many other aspects of engineering and construction, from infrastructure construction to the construction of major highways and bridges, and implementation of social infrastructure and mass housing. UGCC is amongst the most sought-after and efficient engineering organizations in the Middle East and represents a tremendous concentration of technical and strategic knowledge in Kuwait and internationally. Headquarters United Gulf Construction Company Al-Ardiya, Block 1, Plot 264 Kuwait +965 220 542 50 ugcc@ugcc.com
