Source page: /construction-projects-kuwait/

PROJECTS Building resilient, high-quality infrastructure that strengthens connectivity and supports national development. All Completed Current Roads and Bridges Projects Delivering durable and efficient road and bridge infrastructure that connects communities and drives progress. Road and Interchanges on the existing 6th Ring Road to Interchange 82 – Salmi Road, Phase I A landmark infrastructure project by UGCC, the RA-200 development showcases engineering precision and innovation connecting communities and paving the way for Kuwait’s sustainable future. Construction, Completion, and Maintenance of 6.5 Ring Road A major infrastructure contract undertaken by United Gulf Construction Company, this project involves the comprehensive construction, completion and ongoing maintenance of the 6.5 Ring Road in Kuwait. Urban infrastructure project by UGCC, the RA/200 Cairo Street development enhances one of Kuwait’s key traffic corridors through advanced road construction, modern utilities, and engineered upgrades - improving mobility, safety, and long-term urban connectivity. Cairo Street Development Project Civil Infrastructure Our civil infrastructure projects lay the foundation for modern communities, from utilities and drainage systems to large-scale developments. Each project is planned and executed with precision, ensuring long-term reliability, safety, and sustainable growth. Al Shadadiya Industrial Zone Infrastructure Works, Design, Execution, Completion & Maintenance. A cornerstone infrastructure development by UGCC, the Shadadiya Industrial Zone project highlights advanced engineering, large-scale earthworks, and modern utility networks - supporting Kuwait’s economic growth and enabling a fully integrated industrial ecosystem. Construction, Upgrading and Maintenance of Roads and Interchanges for Access to the Future Mutla’ City Construction, Completion, Furnishing and Maintenance of Package No. (3) for Aircraft's Apron and Taxiways and Service Buildings for the New Passenger Terminal Building (II) at Kuwait International Airport A comprehensive infrastructure and electro-mechanical works package in Al-Mutlaa Residential City , Kuwait , covering the supply, installation and implementation of main road lighting systems, traffic signal networks, speed-control camera systems and variable message boards to enhance road safety, visibility and smart-traffic management across the new city. A major aviation-infrastructure package by United Gulf Construction Company involving the construction, finishing, furnishing and maintenance of Aircraft Apron, Taxiways and associated service buildings for the new passenger terminal. Building Construction Our civil infrastructure projects lay the foundation for modern communities, from utilities and drainage systems to large-scale developments. Each project is planned and executed with precision, ensuring long-term reliability, safety, and sustainable growth. Construction, Completion & Maintenance of Sabah Al Ahmed Residential City The Sabah Al Ahmad Residential City development is a major strategic urban-housing project by Public Authority for Housing Welfare, designed to provide modern and well-planned residential infrastructure in Kuwait’s new satellite city south of Kuwait City.The project embodies the vision of a livable, sustainable “Garden City” with landscaped open spaces, efficient utilities and quality housing delivery. Construction, Completion and Maintenance of College of Basic Education for Girls at Ardiya A major educational infrastructure project in Al-Ardiya, Kuwait - the Girls Campus of the College of Basic Education, designed to deliver modern academic facilities for women, including classrooms, laboratories, and supporting campus infrastructure to support high-quality teacher education. Infrastructure Works for the Commercial Berth at DUQM Port (IP3), Oman C50/2015 – Infrastructure Works for the Commercial Berth at Duqm Port (IP3), Oman. A major civil-infrastructure contract executed by United Gulf Construction Company W.L.L. for the development of the commercial berth at Duqm Port (IP3) in Oman, involving roadworks, utilities and berth area preparation. Micro-Tunneling Our micro-tunneling expertise enables precise underground infrastructure construction with minimal surface disruption. Using advanced guided boring technology, we deliver durable pipelines and crossings for water, wastewater, and utility networks ensuring accuracy, safety, and efficiency beneath complex urban environments. Construction of Sewer Network for C3B Area – Seeb Catchment, Oman A comprehensive wastewater-infrastructure project in A’Seeb (Al Khoudh gravity sewer network) involving micro-tunneling to install a gravity sewer network designed to efficiently collect and convey sewage - part of UGCC’s water and wastewater management services. Construction of Sewer Network for C3B Area – Seeb Catchment, Oman Construction of Sewer Network for C3B Area – Seeb Catchment, Oman Contract B7A-Bausher Network-Main Trunk Sewer & Pumping Station, Oman B7A-Bausher Network-Main Trunk Sewer & Pumping Station, Oman Water and Wastewater management We deliver end-to-end solutions for water and wastewater infrastructure, including treatment plants, pumping stations, and distribution networks. Our projects prioritize environmental protection, operational reliability, and sustainable resource management - ensuring clean water access and effective waste treatment for communities. Construction, Operation and Maintenance of New Mishrif Pump Station, Force Mains and Subhan, South Surra and Fahaheel Interceptors A large-scale wastewater infrastructure project by United Gulf Construction Company, involving the construction, completion, operation and maintenance of a new sewage pumping station at Mishref with a design capacity of 340,000 m³/day. New Effluent Water Transfer Pipelines and Tankage Upgradation at West Kuwait This project involves the installation of new effluent-water transfer pipelines and the upgrading of tankage facilities in West Kuwait for Kuwait Oil Company, enabling enhanced conveyance of produced water and improved storage capacity in a major upstream waste-water infrastructure contract. Construction of 9 Fresh Water Towers and Annexed Works at Mutlaa Residential City Site No. (3), Kuwait The MEW-6085-2024-2025 Project’s scope of work includes Construction of 9 Fresh Water Towers and Annexed Works at Mutlaa Residential City Site No Electro-Mechanical We deliver end-to-end solutions for water and wastewater infrastructure, including treatment plants, pumping stations, and distribution networks. Our projects prioritize environmental protection, operational reliability, and sustainable resource management - ensuring clean water access and effective waste treatment for communities. Implementation and Maintenance of main road lighting works, traffic signal works, traffic speed control cameras and variable message boards in the Al-Mutlaa Residential City Project, Kuwait A comprehensive infrastructure and electro-mechanical works package in Al-Mutlaa Residentia City, Kuwait , covering the supply, installation and implementation of main road lighting systems, traffic signal networks, speed-control camera systems and variable message boards to enhance road safety, visibility and smart-traffic management across the new city. Maintenance of Street Lighting Equipment in the Capital Governorate in the State of Kuwait The MEW/5773-2022/2023 Project’s scope of work includes Maintenance of Street Lighting Equipment in the Capital Governorate in the State of Kuwait Construction of 9 Fresh Water Towers and Annexed Works at Mutlaa Residential City Site No. (3), Kuwait The MEW-6085-2024-2025 Project’s scope of work includes Construction of 9 Fresh Water Towers and Annexed Works at Mutlaa Residential City Site No Oil and Gas We deliver specialized engineering and construction solutions for the oil and gas sector, covering processing plants, pipelines, and related infrastructure. Our team ensures safe, efficient, and high-quality execution across all project stages - from design to commissioning - meeting the strictest industry standards. General Civil Works Civil and Tank-C & T at Al-Zour Refinery ZOR/EPC-0059 – General Civil Works Civil and Tank-C & T at Al-Zour –NRP Package 4 ZOR/EPC-0059.A major civil-works contract undertaken by United Gulf Construction Company W.L.L. involving the full execution of civil works and tank foundations for Tanks C & T as part of the Al-Zour New Refinery Project (NRP) Package 4 ZOR/EPC-0059 Civil Works For GC-32 Plot Area, Gathering Centre for South East Kuwait, KOC This project involves the civil works for the plot area of GC-32 Gathering Centre - a major upstream facility for oil and gas collection and processing in southeast Kuwait. The works include large-scale earthworks, structural groundwork, road and infrastructure installation required to prepare the site for the Gathering Centre’s full operations. New Effluent Water Transfer Pipelines and Tankage Upgradation at West Kuwait The project includes the complete detailed engineering design, procurement and supply of material, testing, shipping and construction, site inspection, pre-commissioning and commissioning of all the works described in the contract specifications. Headquarters United Gulf Construction Company Al-Ardiya, Block 1, Plot 264 Kuwait +965 220 542 50 ugcc@ugcc.com
