Source page: /credentials/

CREDENTIALS United Gulf Construction Company (UGCC) is ISO certified for quality, environment, safety and compliance About Credentials HSSE Quality CSR Certifications United Gulf Construction Company (UGCC) is certified ISO for quality, environment, safety, and competence. UGCC continues to maintain all of ISO certifications ISO 14001 In 2012, UGCC first achieved ISO 14001 for Environmental Management System, and currently, UGCC maintains the ISO 14001 certification Grade 1 UGCC is recognized as a “Grade I” contractor for roads, infrastructure, building construction and having the highest grade of qualification in the electrical works. ISO 9001 In 2004, UGCC first achieved the ISO 9001 certification for its Quality Management System and currently, UGCC maintains ISO 9001 certification ISO 45001 In 2019, UGCC achieved ISO 17025:2017 Certification for the competence of UGCC Central Testing Laboratory for testing and calibration ISO 17025 In 2007, UGCC first achieved OHSAS 18001 certification in Occupational Health & Safety, and currently, UGCC maintains ISO 45001 certification Having been instrumental in executing some of the most impressive and complex infrastructure projects in the Middle East, a continuous investment in core assets is just one of UGCC’s many strengths. UGCC owns and operates one of the largest and most modern fleet of construction machinery and vehicles in the region, thriving to upgrade the fleet regularly sa per the latest technological developments. Additionally, UGCC has developed and maintains strategic relationships with major International partners to further expand our capabilities. Under the able leadership of an established management team, UGCC delivers results, year after year, in alignment with our vision. EXPERTISE ENGINEERING CONSTRUCTION PROCUREMENT HISTORY Since inception, UGCC has not only demonstrated excellent leadership and exemplary professionalism to each and every construction project, but has also built a team of committed professionals that include engineers, managers, accountants and financial executives. UGCC is a contracting company of the highest standards, where professionals of diversified disciplines work together to deliver construction projects of the highest quality. UGCC Continues To Grow In Size And Importance During The Era Of Increased Public Sector Development In The Middle East, Particularly In Its Main Market Of Kuwait. During the Iraq occupation of Kuwait in 1990, UGCC had lost almost 90% of its resources. Soon after liberation, UGCC was among the leading companies who undertook a major role in rebuilding the nation of Kuwait.Better known for involvement with many of the high-profile projects of the post-occupation years, UGCC has made a name for itself in many other aspects of engineering and construction, from infrastructure construction to the construction of major highways and bridges, and implementation of social infrastructure and mass housing. UGCC is amongst the most sought-after and efficient engineering organizations in the Middle East and represents a tremendous concentration of technical and strategic knowledge in Kuwait and internationally. Headquarters United Gulf Construction Company Al-Ardiya, Block 1, Plot 264 Kuwait +965 220 542 50 ugcc@ugcc.com
