Source page: /electro-mechanical-contractor-kuwait/

Electro Mechanical United Gulf Construction Company handles various types of electro-mechanical works Capabilities UGCC’s electro-mechanical works include projects such as sewage pumping stations, treatment plants, street lighting for roads and motorways, fire fighting systems and oil industry piping works. Past projects include the supply, erection, commissioning and maintenance of street lighting at Dasman, Shamiya and Subiya. The projects also include construction of a new 30” HP gas transmission line in northern Kuwait and the construction, commissioning and maintenance of pumping stations in DMC, Kabad and Wafra. Pumping Stations Treatment Plants Street Lighting Fire-fighting Systems Pipeline Works Relevant Experience Construction, Completion and Maintenance of a New Pumping Station at Mishref as well as Main Pumping and Slope Lines. SE/19 A’Seeb Sewage Collection and Conveyance System- Al Khoudh Gravity Sewer Network. Contract 5A(HAYA/E024/2009) Construction, Completion, Commissioning and Maintenance of Pumping Station at DMC, Kabad & Wafra. SE/97 USD 358M COMPLETED PROJECTS Key Projects UGCC has successfully executed numerous civil infrastructure projects that form the foundation of Kuwait’s growing urban landscape. Our expertise spans both greenfield and brownfield developments, ensuring reliable service delivery and long-term functionality. Contract No. 36081 New effluent water transfer pipelines tankge upgradation at West Kuwait SE-97 New TSE pumping stations and reservoirs at DMC, Kabad and Wafra PAHW-C-1151-2009-2010 Supply, installation, implementation and maintenance of main road lighting works, traffic speed control cameras and message boards in Al-Mutalaa residential city project Kuwait. MEW/5773-2022/2023 Maintenance of street lighting equipment in the Capital governorate in the State of Kuwait. Our Clients Headquarters United Gulf Construction Company Al-Ardiya, Block 1, Plot 264 Kuwait +965 220 542 50 ugcc@ugcc.com
