Source page: /josc151lsp06/

Construction Services for Large Scale Steam Flood Pilot Project, Wafra JO-SC151-LSP06 Project Scope The project involved general construction services over a period of 7 years within the Wafra Joint Operations oil field. In addition to various civil and building works, UGCC performed road construction, bulk earthworks, pipeline construction, and other civil, mechanical, electrical and plumbing works. Briefly, the Scope of Services is to provide construction services (mainly mechanical assembly, electrical / instrumentation work in addition to installation of pipe lines & welding) for the Company’s new Large Scale Steam Flood Steam Flood Pilot Project (LSP). Project Owner Joint Operations Saudi Arabian Chevron Inc. Kuwait Oil Company (K.S.C) Contractor United Gulf Construction Co. W.L.L. Project Schedule Year of Completion 2015 Project Value 72,000,000 USD (22,000,000 KWD) Oil and Gas Building Construction Civil Infrastructure Electro Mechanical Project Details Mechanical works – transporting from company warehouse, assembling reassembling, installing, welding, piping, fencing, painting, coatings, lifting, scaffolding, wrapping, testing, pre commissioning, commissioning, start up, preparing as built drawings, maintaining till handing over, attend to any repair during guarantee period. Electrical works – install cable tray, conduit, cable pulling, cable jointing /termination, overhead line work, Motor Control Centers, and any other electrical works for which materials will be provided by the Company, testing and commissioning, maintaining, as built drawings, maintain during guarantee period. Civil works – transport, site investigation, preparation and reinstatement within the boundary any building for the plant, painting, structural steel, concrete, asphalt and paint as needed for the work. Joint Operations (JO)-EOR 100 Office Building: (Built-up Area: 2,382 sq. meter) Construction, Completion and Handing over of LSP Operation Building and workshop. (Built-up Area: 3,187 sq. metre) The scope of work shall include the detail design (architectural & engineering), shop drawings, preparation of specifications, construction, testing, commissioning, and furnishing of the EOR project office building and parking. The building consists of offices, with associated facilities such as reception area, conference rooms, prayer room, toilets, pantries and other amenities. The parking areas include paving, driveways, curbs, stripping, shelters, signage, etc… Procuring and installing all furniture/ furnishings, surveying, site preparation, grading & leveling, excavation, backfilling and compaction, foundations, structural, electrical system associated facilities, telephone and networking/data systems, HVAC system, fire alarm system and fire extinguishers, fresh water, plumbing, drainage including sanitary systems and sewage disposal systems, storage tanks, exterior finishes, painting, flooring, ceiling, walls, doors, windows, insulation, waterproofing, parking, parking shelters along with required driveways and paving, including interconnection with existing networks as applicable Supply and install all electrical items like power and lighting system, earthing system, fire alarm system. Earth works – survey, site investigation, testing, maintaining, grading, clearing, trenching, excavation, backfilling, and compacting. Similar Projects Construction, Completion and Maintenance of College of Basic Education for Girls at Ardiya Civil Works For GC-32 Plot Area, Gathering Centre for South East Kuwait, KOC Project Owners Headquarters United Gulf Construction Company Al-Ardiya, Block 1, Plot 264 Kuwait +965 220 542 50 ugcc@ugcc.com
