Source page: /kp3cns301/

Construction, Completion, Furnishing and Maintenance of Package No. (3) for Aircraft's Apron and Taxiways and Service Buildings for the New Passenger Terminal Building (II) at Kuwait International Airport KP3-CNS-301 Project Scope The project scope covers full civil-construction and finishing works: building the aircraft apron and taxiways, constructing service buildings, installing all required mechanical, electrical and plumbing systems, furnishing interiors, and providing maintenance services - ensuring the facility is fully operational, compliant with aviation standards, and ready for handover and long-term use. Project Owner Ministry of Public Works (MPW) Consultant NACO / Gulf Consult Sub Contractor United Gulf Construction Co. W.L.L. Project Schedule Date of Commencement 8-10-2024 Date of Completion 8-10-2026 Contract Duration 730 Days Project Value 509,000,000 USD (156,150,000 KWD) Building Construction Civil Infrastructure Contractor LIMAK İNŞAAT SANAYI VE TICARET A.Ş. Project Details The KP3-CNS-301 Project’s scope comprises Construction, Completion, Furnishing and Maintenance of Package No. (3) for Aircraft’s Apron and Taxiways and Service Buildings for the New Passenger Terminal Building (II) at Kuwait International Airport Building Works – Construction of Central Plant Building & 2 Waiting Buildings. Electrical Substation – Construction of Electrical Substation. Tunnels – Construction of APM/Baggage Tunnel (ATI), Cargo Tunnel (CT1), Ground Service Equipment (GSE1, GSE2) Tunnels and associated MEP works. Jet Fuel Hydrant System – Civil, Mechanical, Piping, Electrical, CP system and Instrumentation & Control Works. Aircraft Special Systems – Aircraft Potable Water System, Aircraft Sanitary Sewer Vacuum System, Aircraft Blue Water System. Visual Docking Guidance System, Exterior Lighting, Apron Flood Lighting, Airfield Lighting & Airfield Ground power Units, Electrical Vehicle Charging Equipment, etc. Airfield Signals and Controls. Jet blast barriers. HVAC – Pre-insulated Buried Ducting for Aircraft PCA and Subfreezing Pre-conditioned Air AHU. External Works Airside – Taxiways, Services Roads (Primary & Secondary), Aprons, Shoulders, Walkways, Traffic Signals, Pavement Marking and Signages, High Security Fence & Gates and associated Mechanical, Utilities and Electrical Works, Ground Improvement and soil stabilization works. Asphalt Pavement: 570,000 Tons. Concrete Pavement: Area 910,000 m2 (553,100 m3). External Work Landside – Landscape, Landslide Utilities, RCC Underground Reservoir-West (US1), Underground Reservoir-East (US2) and associated Pumping station and MEP works, Waiting Building (WB1), Waiting Building (WB2), PLG Tank Canopy (LP1), MV Equipment, Road Asphalt Works, Road Marking and Signages, Sanitary Sewer Networks, Microtunneling works, Storm Water Utilities and Fresh Water Pipelines. Similar Projects Construction, Operation and Maintenance of New Mishrif Pump Station, Force Mains and Subhan, South Surra and Fahaheel Interceptors Al Shadadiya Industrial Zone Infrastructure Works, Design, Execution, Completion & Maintenance. Project Owners Headquarters United Gulf Construction Company Al-Ardiya, Block 1, Plot 264 Kuwait +965 220 542 50 ugcc@ugcc.com
