Source page: /laboratories/

LABORATORIES UGCC has a total of seven laboratories, including the Central Testing Laboratory- a leading facility in the asphalt industry testing and analysis. Facilities Plants Laboratories Equipment Overview UGCC has a total of seven laboratories, including the Central Testing Laboratory- a leading facility in the asphalt industry testing and analysis. The Central Testing Laboratory is staffed by knowledgeable, experienced, and certified technicians and professional engineers, backed with industry knowledge and experience. The Laboratory conforms with ISO 17025:2017 standard for testing and calibration of laboratory equipment. It provides stringent testing services as per international standards- BS, ASTM, and AASHTO, using fully calibrated state-of-the-art testing instruments with valid calibration certificates. The Laboratory offers a complete suite of tests and analysis of Hot Mix Asphalt (HMA). The Laboratory’s independent test analysis results determine with full integrity the quality of the Asphalt; with all Performance Grades (PG) identification to ensure quality consistency that is vital to maintain quality control. > ASPHALT > BITUMEN The UGCC Central Testing Laboratory specializes in all tests and analyses of bitumen based on ASTM standards and also performs AASHTO Performance Grading. The Laboratory provides SuperPave mix (Superior Performing Asphalt Pavements) based on Strategic Highway Research Program (SHRP) asphalt research. The SuperPave mix design incorporates performance-based, asphalt material characterization based on environmental conditions for improved performance by controlling rutting, low temperature cracking and fatigue cracking. The Laboratory has aggregate tests for strength, toughness, hardness, shape, and water absorption. The test analyses determine the suitability of the aggregate selection with the Crushing test and Abrasion test. > AGGREGATE > TESTS AND ANALYSIS Tests and analysis conducted at the UGCC Central Testing Laboratory Quality Test of Aggregates Quality Test of Polymer Modified Bitumen (PMB) Quality Test of Hot Mix Asphalt (HMA) Compaction Test > ANALYSIS AND TESTING The Laboratory has aggregate tests for strength, toughness, hardness, shape, and water absorption. The test analyses determine the suitability of the aggregate selection with the Crushing test and Abrasion test. Tests and Analysis Details Test and Analysis Aggregates Quality of Aggregates Crushing Test Quality of Polymer Modified Bitumen (PMB) Abrasion Test Quality of Hot Mix Asphalt (HMA) Impact Test Compaction Soundness Test Superpave Binder Test Shape Test Moisture Evaluation (TSR) Bitumen Adhesion Test Moisture Evaluation (TSR) Specific Gravity and Moisture Absorption Test The UGCC Central Testing Laboratory is a leading facility in the asphalt industry testing and analysis Headquarters United Gulf Construction Company Al-Ardiya, Block 1, Plot 264 Kuwait +965 220 542 50 ugcc@ugcc.com
